# Solution Architecture
## Context
Every system can be decomposed to the set of modules that communicates one with others, and flow is not an exception.
This decomposition allows to keep system low coupled and highly cohesive by inspecting dependencies between the modules.

## Selected Architecture Pattern
Onion Arcitecture was selected, with a few tweaks that does not impact the idea behind Onion Architecture.
For the purposes of this document we will call .NET Assemblies as _Modules_.
The solution is divided into the following layers:
* Domain Model (l0) - domain entities like Transaction, Transfer, Income, Expence etc., validation rules and entities that supports them;
* Application Services (l1) - Core application logic that operates with entities. Modules on this layer define rules for processing user requests, validators for the entities etc.;
* Infrastructure Components (l2) - Data Providers , Serialization / Deserializarion etc.;
* Hosts (l3) - Modules (typically applications) that allows user to interact with the system. 

### Frameworks
Onion architecture allows to move frameworks to peripherials of the system, and keep app logic frameworkless.
However, in order to respect dependency inversion principle all modules in Flow will use _AutoFac_ as DI framework.

### Common rules
1. It is preferrable, but not required to keep modules small. All components within a layer can be hosted in a single module or can separate into different modules based on their responsibilities and dependencies;
2. Each module can depend on:
    1. Any other module from this layer, if it's not causing circular dependencies;
    2. Any other module from lower levels
    3. .NET BCL;
    4. 3rd party _libraries_ that provides some specific functionality and does impact the shape of solution.
3. Modules cannot depend on modules from higher layer;
4. Unit Test project should be placed on a same layer with the code it tests;

### l0. Domain Model
This layer contains a set of modules that defines core entities and bare minimum of support classes.
Modules on this layer cannot depend on any _frameworks_ except .NET.
Modules on this layer introduce sub namespaces of `Flow.Domain` namespace.

### l1. Application Serices
This layer contains modules with application logic (building list of transfers, aggregation, validation etc).
Modules from this layer depend on __AutoFac__ and exposes _AutoFac Modules_ that are used to build a DI container. 

Each module should:
1. Expose required minimum of public interfaces in `...Contract` namespace;
2. Expose __AutoFac__ module that performs registration of the services and its internal dependencies;
3. Define interfactes for infrastructure components in `...Infrastructure` namespace;

Each modules should not:
1. Expose classes that depends on other classes from this module. Such classes should be available through the _AutoFac Module_, but not directly

### l2. Infrastructure Components
This layer contains implementation of infrastructure interfaces defined in modules from l1, and their dependencies / utility classes.
Same as for l1, they depend on __AutoFac__ and exposes _AutoFac Modules_ that are used to build a DI container. 
If it makes sense, modules can be separated by function (e.g. Database access, Serialization), and not by "domain" area.

Each module should:
1. Expose __AutoFac__ module that performs registration of the services and its internal dependencies.

Each modules should not:
1. Expose classes that depends on other classes from this module. Such classes should be available through the _AutoFac Module_, but not directly;
2. Expose custom, storage-efficient versions of domain objects;
3. Expose _framework-specific_ objects like _DataContext_.

### l3. Hosts
Modules of this layer contains entry points available for the end user. They uses __AutoFac__ to create a DI container, resolve required infrastructure (l2) and application serivces (l1) to perform actions requested by the users.
Depending on the type of entry point each module can contain bare minimum of interaction logic on the layer itself. Whenewer possible, shared logic should be pushed from l3 to l2.
Integration should also belong to this layer.

## Links
[Onion Architecture](https://anarsolutions.com/a-look-into-layers-of-onion-architecture/)
[AutoFac Modules](https://autofac.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configuration/modules.html)