# Plugin management for transactions context

Status: Draft

## Challenge
Automatic transfers detection logic may vary for different _flow_ users. 
For example, some banks may create a transfers with diffrent source and sink names, which prevents built-in transfers detection from proper transfers detection.

This custom logic should not be placed in core asseblies. Instead, it should be attached as a plug-in.


## Considered options
* No plugin support
* 3rd party plugin framework (MEF or anything else)
* DI on Autofac
* Native tools in .NET

## Pros n cons
| Option              | Pros                                                                                   | Cons                                                    |
|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| No plugin support   | * easy to implement and support<br>* easy to init objects<br>* easy to bundle solution | * all changes will go to core repository                |
| 3rd party framework | * no need to support infrastructure code                                               | * nothing useful for NET 6 found                        |
| DI on Autofac       | * easy to init objects                                                                 | * hard to isolate dependencies<br> * depends on Autofac |
| Native tools        | * works<br> * no 3rd-party dependencies                                                | * needs to support infrastructure code                  |

As a result, _Native tools_ option was selected as the most realiable way of creating a plugin system

## Solution overview
Assembly `Flow.Infrastructure.Plugins.Transactions.Contract` (placed at infrastructure level) contains a definiton of `IPlugin` interface. This interface indicates that particular class is a plugin for _flow_ that provides custom transactions management logic. 

Ancestors of `IPlugin` allows to specify plug-in kind:
* `ITransferDetectionPlugin` indicates that a plugin performs custom transfers detection
* Other plugin kinds may be defined for other extension points in this assembly in future

This assembly depends on `Flow.Domain.Transactions` from domain level, which allows to operate the same domain objects as core logic.

Assembly `FLow.Infrastructure.Plugins.Transactions.Loader` contains plug-ins loader and a bridge classes that incorporates plugins into main workflow.

The loader scans a particular folder (defined in _flow_ configuration as `PluginsPath`), and loops through subfolders there.

For each subfolders it will try to load assembly with the same name as directory that contains it into separate loading context, then it will try to find all types that are assignable to `IPlugin` and create single instance for each type found.

The loader will register a singletone that implements `Flow.Application.Transaction.Transfers.ITransferDetector` for each instance that implements `ITransferDetectionPlugin`
